add antd basic examples and docs (#317)
allenai/varnish-legacy: demo/src/pages/Antd/demo/button.mdx

---
order: 1
title: Button
---

There are `primary` button, `default` button, `dashed` button, `text` button and `link` button in

> Antd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`antd`.
```

> There are `primary` button, `default` button, `dashed` button, `text` button and `link` button in
> Antd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four button variations in `antd`:
- primary
- default
- dashed
- text
- link
```

Author: i just stole these from antd docs, but we CAN make them better
